What is a Transaction?

Format of the transaction object on Ethereum:

Nonce(Nonsense): How many times the sender has sent a transaction.
To: Address of account this money is going to.
Value: Amount of ether to send to the target account.
GasPrice: Amount of ether the sender is willing to pay per unit gas to get this transaction processed.
StartGas/gasLimit: Unit of gas that this transaction can consume.
V, R, S: Cryptographic pieces of data that can be used to generate the senders account address. It is generated from the sender's private key.


Workflow:

"Submit" -> 
Address sent to backend server ->
Server using web3 library creates "transaction" object ->
Backend server send "Transaction" to Rinkeby test network -> 
Backend waits for transaction confirm -> 
Backend sends success message to browser

What is a smart contract?
A smart contract is an account controlled by code.

Properties of a Smart Contract Account:
Balance: Amount of Ether this account owns.
Storage: Data storage for this contract.
Code: Raw machine code for this contract.

External Account: An account that you or I or anybody owns. They are decoupled from any individual network.

Contract Accounts: Accounts that are specific to one network like Rinkeby, Ropsten, or Mainnet. These accounts cannot be accessed from other network accounts.

Solidity: 
Written in .sol files.
Strongly Typed - A language is strongly typed if type errors are always detected.
Similar to Javascript.
Has several huge, gigantic 'gotchas'.

Solidity Workflow:
Contract Definition ->
Solidity Compiler ->
	-> Byte code ready for deployment
	-> Application Binary Interface (ABI)

Writing our First Contract Instructions:
1. Load Remix in your browser by visiting this link: https://remix.ethereum.org/

2. Click the contracts directory in the default_workspace

3. Open the 3_Ballot.sol file and delete all of the code within it.

4. Click the icon "S" icon in the left sidebar and then change the COMPILER version to 0.4.17+commit.bdeb9e52 to match the lecture videos.

5. Find the COMPILER CONFIGURATION section and tick the Auto compile box. With this option enabled, Remix will compile the contract automatically.

6. You should now be all caught to begin writing your contract code as shown in the lecture video.

